# 5. Check before deployment

Before installing the unit in its final location, it is recommended to test its function. This can easily be done through Sensorbee's cloud services or your own server, depending on the selection made during pairing. The standard sensor value update interval on Sensorbee Air products is set to 15 minutes from the factory. This is how often the unit reads its internal and external sensors and sends the data to the server.\
<mark style="background-color:green;">ℹ️</mark>\ <mark style="background-color:green;">For more information, please refer to "The Sensorbee Cloud Services".</mark>

\
If all sensors are reporting and the functions seem to be operating properly, it is time to power down the unit and install it in its final location.

\
To turn off the unit, remove the power cable connected to the power connector. When the unit is being powered off, the Status LED will turn solid red for 10 seconds and then turn off, indicating that the unit is now in power-down mode. If an error occurs during power-off, the LED will blink red six times before the unit reboots.

\
<mark style="background-color:green;">ℹ️</mark>\ <mark style="background-color:green;">The unit can only be powered down by disconnecting the power cable from the unit, regardless of the incoming power levels.</mark>

\
The unit will turn on if the power cable is connected to the power connector and the incoming power is at an adequate level. This means that if the unit is connected to a solar panel, the solar panel needs enough sunlight to start the unit. If an external power supply is used, then this is not an issue.

\
<mark style="background-color:green;">ℹ️</mark>\ <mark style="background-color:green;">It is recommended to use a power supply as the power source when testing indoors.</mark>\ <mark style="background-color:green;">The unit is now ready for deployment. Please proceed to the next chapter.</mark>
